there's a voice
remember stop my name
can't stay for long
maybe tomorrow
until tomorrow
so if you wanna join me
Oh
maybe tomorrow
my little pal he's right
yeah
where is it come on what is it that it's
gotta be here somewhere is what
well the weekend seems kind of quiet huh
let's hope it stays that way come on boy
the markings on is like a candy store
come on
I like to see the looking at double edge
of his face but when he finds out we get
into a game
okay yeah
slide slide
like
where are they
what's with you always heard that
lightning doesn't strike twice now I
know better now I've got to go call mr.
Hoffner come on dog might be the sack
for both of us
I don't understand it I I really don't
twice in three weeks didn't you tell me
we had the best guard dogs in town oh
that's what I thought how come you're my
chief of security you explained it to me
why do we spend all that money training
these dogs sorry Harry
we have to replace it with a younger man
I've got important government contracts
to protect now look I don't think we
should blame Harry that dog should have
stopped them Sarge is the finest dog I
ever worked with
remember those four men the broken the
freight elevator he caught them that's
ancient history look all I know is this
pair got away with almost $14,000 worth
of sophisticated electronic equipment
Harry
worked for me a long time I'll give you
one more chance but if it happens again
no it won't happen again mr. Hoffner
I'll see to that look Harry why don't
you go home I'll finish off the shift
with Sarge I have to wait around for the
insurance people anyway and I can drop
them on the way back
thanks a lot mr. temple I really
appreciate that this thing has really
got me shook up you stay with me Serge
thanks mr. Hoffner right now
hi I Norma
hi Rosie yeah it's gonna look nice
sweetheart oh thank you
I didn't expect you home so early is
there anything wrong Harry are you all
right oh we had another robbery today I
just don't get it now that can happen to
anybody Harry read the newspapers every
day if something happens Rosemarie I saw
them just two kids Sarge should have had
them same thing happened last time Sarge
turned chicken sorry aren't you ashamed
of yourself
that's not Sarge hey Hanson what are you
doing here say he hasn't got a collar
Harry or a license tag I'll bet you
somebody's missing him a good-looking
animal hmm
well did you see that what dog I wish
you were smart enough to tell me what's
wrong with Sarge I just don't get him I
really don't understand him
there's war now Sarge now listen don't
be too hard on that poor dog
hello Sarge we got a long talk to have
don't worry yeah we got a long talk
together for a moment there I thought I
was seeing double
hello walk come on down boy you're not
thinking of changing dogs are you Harry
well no he's not even trained that's
just a stray I picked up well I'll just
leave you two alone
no thanks
Harry even though I went to bat for you
today after suspects you may be involved
in these robberies why do you give me my
job back
well it could be give me enough rope to
hang yourself with I might say you can
hardly blame them two robberies the same
MO you are on duty both times and Sarge
that dogs supposed to attack you're
supposed to be the only one able to
restrain him judging from the way you
talk you think I'm in on a - no no I
know better
that's why I asked about the new dog
might look funnier switching dogs and
midstream but I'm not with you I know I
believe you but look the insurance
company the cops Hoffner they're all on
my back so try to be a little careful
yeah yes okay all right yeah I'm fine
all right I know the information I'm
gonna let you and Sarge take care of
this whole thing yeah thanks
sorry
what we'll have to say oh nothing much
they just want me to be careful you know
you don't have to keep things from me
Harry we've got anything to face we can
face it together
believe me anything that comes up you'll
be the first to know
sorry Ari hurts me more than it hurts
you
planet wolf yeah yeah it's all adapter
great I understand why do we have to
frame the old guy because our next move
is a big one I don't want any suspicion
to fall on me either my Necker his no my
guy who knows just helping what is it
government stuff top secrets why wait
till tomorrow what is this we found at
the last minute cut it up gotta work
together on this thing here's the whole
layout check the diagram follow it
exactly alright it's the same old guy in
the same dog right same old guy that's
for sure the dog I gotta check out he
had another Shepherd hanging around he
said it was a stray but I gotta make
sure it's not a replacement for Sarge I
can't do that well there's only one guy
in this town of trained shepherds if
Harry's bought himself another dog
I'll know
Oh hiya Chuck I'm at the temple would
you come on get another dog no maybe
some other time I just want to ask you
something your mind waiting a few
seconds no I'm just finishing up with
buh buh you know what this stick is
watch it now sounds down now Sarah
notice that's how it's done
no hitting of the dog great check her
impressive chart observe the value while
you're at a temple bow let's go jump the
dog now adhering to the stick whoa
let's go jump pop very good bow ok bow
down very good
by the way mr. temple what do you want
to talk to me about well I was just
wondering if any of my people and in
regards of it into by their own personal
supper dog not that I know of but he
asked
just curious that's all your dog uh no
no that's uh just a stray picked up do
you think it Katrina glad you like to
try it's a big one
good looking well listen why don't I
just leave him with you
I'll call you in a couple of days I'll
have him ready for you thanks for coming
out Thank You joy yeah boy come on boy
come on let's go Tommy go as planned the
dog is safe
that's right
Revis gang
hey wake up you
hey fella what's the matter
Chuck I think you better call the vet
there's something wrong with this dog
hey you crawl sir that dumb dog he's
played dinner when I stood up to call
you just took off dumb dog
I'd like to have 100 like him
well look who's here we thought you took
off for good this time
oh I'm sorry pal city that sign I can't
let you in here I'll see you around huh
lamb say let's come over you here
fiercely long with that come back with
my brush here come here
now you shouldn't be touching those
things what are you doing
I think I better call Harry yes honey
yes I know somebody's trying to frame me
but who and what does he have to gain
all right yeah well I'll talk to you
later sweetie I have to take a look
around okay
see you later bye
these buildings do I need to friend me
on then okay look you climb the fence
all right I'm gonna use these keys that
temple gave us got him for the office we
can use them for the gate sly what's the
difference
no you're right so they all fool gets
busted
come on I'm sorry got a little work to
do
which office did you say
there's nothing here what'd you think my
cuz
what is it
no it's just money in the bank company
Mac Shh
it's the dark man but I don't think it's
the watchman's how do you know well
there's no collar nothing on it let's
see if we can trap them okay
all secure the guy
wait wait
his handwriting looks familiar
Walter temple listen boys don't give
sides or reason to go in after you now
he's itching to do just that it was all
temples idea he said he'd make us rich
here take it
I don't even know what it is get a real
nice job friend a real nice job
are you alright
never felt better in my life you know
what I would give up this job well okay
but you'll be getting rid of the new
chief of security but that's right after
the boys turned on wall temple mr.
Hoffner needed a new chief of security
and there I was choice it's gonna be a
little more money a little less walking
but I'll give it up if that's what you
want
have you gonna have second thoughts I've
even devised a new plan sergeant is new
friendly gonna do all the patrolling you
know that new dog is smart enough a thin
friend I wonder where he went
there's a voice keeps on calling me
Everest um I make
maybe tomorrow
I'm striving to fast it costs my wife's
life ended but Chris into a wheelchair
so if you wanna join me
maybe two
just
until tomorrow